Multisig erc721 transactions (#672)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/multisig/sdk/erc721/erc721_transactions.md

---
layout: rsk
title: RIF Multisig SDK - ERC20 Transactions

> ---

Reviewer: Please add description and tag in metadata

## ERC721 Transactions

The [@rsksmart/safe-transactions-sdk](https://github.com/rsksmart/safe-transactions-sdk) package facilitates the creation of ERC721 transactions.

The `ERC721TransactionBuilder` provides a set of methods related to [ERC721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721) transactions.

### Initialization

Initialize the `ERC721TransactionBuilder`.

```ts
import { ERC721TransactionBuilder } from "@rsksmart/safe-transactions-sdk";

const erc721TransactionBuilder = ERC721TransactionBuilder.create(
  safe,
  ERC721Token
);
```

Parameters:

- `safe: Safe` - a [Safe instance](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-core-sdk/blob/main/packages/safe-core-sdk/src/Safe.ts)
- `ERC721Token: Contract` - an [ethers.js Contract](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/contract/contract/) representing the ERC721 token

### TransferFrom transaction

```ts
const safeTransaction = await erc721TransactionBuilder.transferFrom(
  from,
  to,
  tokenId
);
```

Parameters:

> - `from: string` - the address from which transfer the token identified by `tokenId`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `from: string` - the address `from` which transfers the token identified by `tokenId`
```

### SafeTransferFrom transactions

The `safeTransferFrom` methods perform the same operation performed by `transferFrom` and additionally, if the receiver is a contract address, they check if the contract address implements the interface `ERC721TokenReceiver` and it returns the value `0x150b7a02`, obtained from `bytes4(keccak256("onERC721Received(address,address,uint256,bytes)"))`. For further info, see [ERC721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)

```solidity
interface ERC721TokenReceiver {
    function onERC721Received(address _operator, address _from, uint256 _tokenId, bytes _data) external returns(bytes4);
}

```

> **IMPORTANT**: Only the current owner, an authorized operator, or the approved address can call this method, see [ERC721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)

```ts
await erc721TransactionBuilder.safeTransferFrom(
  from,
  to,
  tokenId
);
```

It can be called with the optional `data` parameter that will be sent to the receiver with the `onERC721Received` call.

```ts
await erc721TransactionBuilder.safeTransferFrom(
  from, 
  to,
  tokenId
  data
)
```

Parameters:

> - `from: string` - the address from which transfer the token identified by `tokenId`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `from: string` - the address `from` which transfers the token identified by `tokenId`
```

- `to: string` - the address will receive the token identified by `tokenId`
- `tokenId: BigNumber` - the id of the token will be transferred to address `to`
- `data: string` - Optional, the data that will be sent to the receiver with the `onERC721Received` call.

### Approve transaction

```ts
await erc721TransactionBuilder.approve(approved, tokenId);
```

Parameters:

- `approved: string` - the address allowed to execute transfer operations in behalf of the owner
- `tokenId: BigNumber` - the id of the token

> **IMPORTANT**: See [ERC721 approval method](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)

### SetApprovalForAll Transaction

> It sets or unsets approval for a specific operator. That would allow the operator to perform transfer operations on behalf of the owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It sets or unsets approval for a specific operator, that allows the operator to perform transfer operations on behalf of the owner.
```

```ts
await erc721TransactionBuilder.setApprovalForAll(
  operator,
  approved
)
```

Parameters:

> - `operator: string` - the address allowed/forbidden to execute transfer operations in behalf of the owner for all her tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `operator: string` - the address allowed/forbidden to execute transfer operations on behalf of the owner's tokens
```

> - `approved: boolean` - true to allow the operator to execute the operations of behalf of the owner, false to disallow the approval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `approved: boolean` - set to `true` to allow the operator to execute the operations on behalf of the owner, can be set to `false` to disallow the approval.
```
